{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats don\'92t want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons, not for health reasons! They think it will help them in November. Wrong, the people get it!
\f1 \

\f0 The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China, especially so early, therefore, far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!
\f1 \

\f0 If you want your 401k\'92s\'a0 and Stocks, which are getting close to an all time high (NASDAQ is already there), to disintegrate and disappear, vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor, FAST!
\f1 \

\f0 Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions, just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!
\f1 \

\f0 WOW. Record Growth in 2nd Quarter! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases, Markets, and your 401k\'92s, will PLUNGE! Expect a Record 2021!
\f1 \

\f0 At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs, and others, I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas. Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE. Not fair to homeowners, I may END!
\f1 \

\f0 Corrupt Joe Biden\'92s team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what they are saying, ; very much like their Fake News partners!
\f1 \

\f0 Funny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia, which was obviously written by his handlers. Russia ate his and Obama\'92s lunch during their time in office, so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8. U.S. was weak on everything, but especially Russia!
\f1 \

\f0 Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over \'93120 million\'94 people dead of Coronavirus!
\f1 \

\f0 ....We will win the Election against Corrupt Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Schumer. We will save the Supreme Court, your 2nd Amendment, permanent damage from the ridiculous Green New Deal, and you from massive Tax Hikes. Also, our Heritage, History and LAW ; ORDER!
\f1 \

\f0 The Obama/Biden Administration is the most CORRUPT in HISTORY!\'a0
\f1 \

\f0 Failed presidential candidate (thank you President Trump!), Carly Fiorina, said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden. She lost so badly to me, twice in one campaign, that she should be voting for Joe. No complaints!!!
\f1 \

\f0 Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!
\f1 \

\f0 Joe Biden\'92s record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal, calamity and failure \'97 he NEVER did ANYTHING!\'a0
\f1 \

\f0 Joe Biden\'92s rally. ZERO enthusiasm!\'a0
\f1 \

\f0 Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!
\f1 \

\f0 Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government. He \'93bungled\'94 everything that he touched!
\f1 \

\f0 I\'92ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden\'92s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. Bad Trade Deals, Endless Wars, you name it, he has shown a complete lack of leadership. He\'92s weak ; shot!!!
\f1 \

\f0 Sleepy Joe Biden refuses to leave his basement \'93sanctuary\'94 and tell his Radical Left BOSSES that they are heading in the wrong direction. Tell them to get out of Seattle now. Liberal Governor Jay Inslee is looking \'93the fool\'94. LAW ; ORDER!
\f1 \

\f0 Great statement to Congress by Jim Jordan concerning Defunding (not!) our great Police. This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen. Sleepy Joe Biden will be (already is) pulled all the way Left. Many, like Minneapolis, want to close their Police Departments. Crazy!
\f1 \

\f0 Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announced he will be voting for another stiff, Sleepy Joe Biden. Didn\'92t Powell say that Iraq had \'93weapons of mass destruction?\'94 They didn\'92t, but off we went to WAR!
\f1 \

\f0 Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left.
\f1 \

\f0 Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to \'93DEFUND THE POLICE\'94. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT. I want LAW ; ORDER!
\f1 \

\f0 Biden wants to Defund the Police!
\f1 \

\f0 Oh no, the Dems are worried again. The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden!
\f1 \

\f0 Sleepy Joe Biden\'92s 1994 Crime Bill was a total disaster. It was mass incarceration for Black people, many of them innocent. I did Criminal Justice Reform, something Obama ; Biden didn\'92t even try to do - ; couldn\'92t do even if they did try. Biden can never escape his Crime Bill!
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Police Groups Break With Biden\'94 His handlers want him to \'93Defund the Police.\'94 I want more money for Law Enforcement!
\f1 \

\f0 Sleepy Joe Biden\'92s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn\'92t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!
\f1 \

\f0 Sleep Joe Biden\'92s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn\'92t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!
\f1 \

\f0 Joe Biden\'92s handling of the H1N1 Swine Flu was a complete and total disaster. Even polls on the matter were terrible!
\f1 \

\f0 Nobody in 50 years has been WEAKER on China than Sleepy Joe Biden. He was asleep at the wheel. He gave them EVERYTHING they wanted, including rip-off Trade Deals. I am getting it all back!
\f1 \

\f0 Sleepy Joe Biden (mostly his reps.) went crazy when I banned, in late January, people coming in from China. He called me \'93xenophobic\'94 ; then went equally \'93nuts\'94 when we let in 44,000 people - until he was told they were American citizens coming home. He later apologized!
\f1 \

\f0 Michael Moore Torches Biden: He Lacks \'91Necessary Enthusiasm\'91 to Beat Trump via Breitbart News.\'a0 Well, he was right in 2016, and we do have great enthusiasm. Many say, done a fantastic job! DJT
\f1 \

\f0 China is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have Sleepy Joe Biden win the presidential race so they can continue to rip-off the United States, as they have done for decades, until I came along!
\f1 \

\f0 I\'92m not running against Sleepy Joe Biden. He is not even a factor. Never was, remember 1% Joe? I\'92m running against the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats ; their partner, the real opposition party, the Lamestream Fake News Media! They are vicious ; crazy, but we will WIN!\'a0
\f1 \

\f0 96% APPROVAL RATING IN THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. THANK YOU! We will win against a tired, exhausted man, Sleepy Joe Biden, in November.
\f1 \

\f0 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, just out, highest ever Approval Rating overall in the new Gallup Poll, and shows \'93Trump beating Sleepy Joe Biden.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Joe Biden forgot he's supposed to be lying about President Trump's coronavirus response \'96 and he actually told the truth!
\f1 \

\f0 Biden/Obama were a disaster in handling the H1N1 Swine Flu. Polling at the time showed disastrous approval numbers. 17,000 people died unnecessarily and through incompetence! Also, don\'92t forget their 5 Billion Dollar Obamacare website that should have cost close to nothing!
\f1 \

\f0 I must say, that was a VERY boring debate. Biden lied when he said I want to cut Social Security and Medicare. That\'92s what they ALL said 4 years ago, and nothing happened, in fact, I saved Social Security and Medicare. I will not be cutting, but they will. Be careful!
\f1 \

\f0 The USA was never set up for this, just look at the catastrophe of the H1N1 Swine Flu (Biden in charge, 17,000 people lost, very late response time), but it soon will be. Great decision to close our China, and other, borders early. Saved many lives!
\f1 \

\f0 MUST READ: Joe Biden Plagiarized President Donald Trump\'92s Coronavirus Plan! Sleepy Joe Biden was in charge of the H1N1 Swine Flu epidemic which killed thousands of people. The response was one of the worst on record. Our response is one of the best, with fast action of border closings ; a 78% Approval Rating, the highest on record. His was the lowest!
\f1 \

\f0 Pocahontas, working in conjunction with the Democrat Party, totally destroyed the campaign of Bernie Sanders. If she would have quit 3 days earlier, Sanders would have beaten Biden in a route, it wouldn\'92t even have been close. They also got two other losers to support Sleepy Joe!
\f1 \

\f0 The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt Administration in the history of our Country!
\f1 \

\f0 I finally agree with Joe Biden on something! He\'92s exactly right\'97If we don\'92t want 4 years of this, we can only re-elect
\f1 \

\f0 I will protect your Social Security and Medicare, just as I have for the past 3 years. Sleepy Joe Biden will destroy both in very short order, and he won\'92t even know he\'92s doing it!
\f1 \

\f0 Sleepy Joe Biden also said that guns killed 150 million Americans last year, wants to win Georgia on Super Tuesday (not up), and got his speaking location wrong again!\'a0
\f1 \

\f0 Pete Buttigieg is OUT. All of his SuperTuesday votes will go to Sleepy Joe Biden. Great timing. This is the REAL beginning of the Dems taking Bernie out of play - NO NOMINATION, AGAIN!
\f1 \

\f0 Congratulations to Sleepy Joe Biden!
\f1 \

\f0 Sleepy Joe Biden\'92s victory in the South Carolina Democrat Primary should be the end of Mini Mike Bloomberg\'92s Joke of a campaign. After the worst debate performance in the history of presidential debates,\'a0 Mini Mike now has Biden split up his very few voters, taking many away!
\f1 \

\f0 Looks like Crazy Bernie is doing well in the Great State of Nevada. Biden ; the rest look weak, ; no way Mini Mike can restart his campaign after the worst debate performance in the history of Presidential Debates. Congratulations Bernie, ; don\'92t let them take it away from you!
\f1 \

\f0 Amusing: First Bloomberg called for Biden, Buttigieg, Klobuchar to quit race. Hey, all you losers, leave it to Mike!\'a0
\f1 \

\f0 HUGE Schiff Coup Fail -- Donald Trump should pursue justice!; Judicial Watch sues on Biden/Burisma AND the so-called WhistleBlower
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I often get asked the question, well, isn\'92t the President going to be stronger and harder to beat if he survives this? The answer is yes, but, the Congress has no choice, it has a Constitutional responsibility.\'94 Joe Biden, pres. candidate. Even Joe agrees with us!\'a0
\f1 \

\f0 The Democrats don\'92t want a Witness Trade because Shifty Schiff, the Biden\'92s, the fake Whistleblower(; his lawyer), the second Whistleblower (who vanished after I released the Transcripts), the so-called \'93informer\'94, ; many other Democrat disasters, would be a BIG problem for them!
\f1 \

\f0 Joe Biden, and Bernie got shut out again. Very unfair, but that\'92s the way the Democrats play the game. Anyway, it\'92s a lot of fun to watch!
\f1 \

\f0 President Donald Trump inherited a MESS from the Obama and Biden years. But he is cleaning it up very quickly!
\f1 \

\f0 Congratulations Sleepy Joe! You just won Stupid Person of 2019 Award! Joe Biden: \'91We\'92re All Dead\'92 if We Don\'92t Stop\'85
\f1 \

\f0 The Democrats will do anything to avoid a trial in the Senate in order to protect Sleepy Joe Biden, and expose the millions and millions of dollars that \'93Where\'92s\'94 Hunter, ; possibly Joe, were paid by companies and countries for doing NOTHING. Joe wants no part of this mess!
\f1 \

\f0 The reason the Democrats don\'92t want to submit the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they don\'92t want corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff to testify under oath, nor do they want the Whistleblower, the missing second Whistleblower, the informer, the Bidens, to testify!
\f1 \

\f0 We must have a trial in the Senate, and so that our Country can get back to business. We will have Schiff, the Bidens, Pelosi and many more testify, and will reveal, for the first time, how corrupt our system really is. I was elected to \'93Clean the Swamp,\'94 and that\'92s what I am doing!
\f1 \

\f0 Mr. Chairman, Joe Biden may be Sleepy and Very Slow, but he is not a \'93rabid dog.\'94 He is actually somewhat better than that, but I am the only one who can get you where you have to be. You should act quickly, get the deal done. See you soon!
\f1 \

\f0 More millions taken from China, and now reports of other companies and countries also giving him big money, are certainly looking very corrupt (to put it mildly!) to me. Both Bidens should be forced to testify in this No Due Process Scam!
\f1 \

\f0 I recommend that Nervous Nancy Pelosi (who backed up Schiff\'92s lie), Shifty Adam Schiff, Sleepy Joe Biden, the Whistleblower (who miraculously disappeared after I released the transcript of the call), the 2nd Whistleblower (who also disappeared), ; the I.G., be part of the list!
\f1 \

\f0 What did Hunter Biden do for the money? A very good question. He and Sleepy Joe must testify!
\f1 \

\f0 Hunter Biden was really bad on GMA. Now Sleepy Joe has real problems! Reminds me of Crooked Hillary and her 33,000 deleted Emails, not recoverable!
\f1 \

\f0 Wow! Hunter Biden is being forced to leave a Chinese Company. Now watch the Fake News wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. Only softball questions of him please!
\f1 \

\f0 Marklevinshow on Fox News is doing a big show tonight on the Democrat\'92s Impeachment Scam. 10:00 P.M. No guests, just Mark. He is angry (like so many others!). At 9:00 P.M. on Fox News, Steve Hilton is looking into the Crooked Bidens. Where\'92s Hunter?
\f1 \

\f0 Where is Hunter Biden? He has disappeared while the Fake News protects his Crooked daddy!\'a0
\f1 \

\f0 Sleepy Joe Biden!\'a0
\f1 \

\f0 So pathetic to see Sleepy Joe Biden, who with his son, Hunter, and to the detriment of the American Taxpayer, has ripped off at least two countries for millions of dollars, calling for my impeachment - and I did nothing wrong. Joe\'92s Failing Campaign gave him no other choice!
\f1 \

\f0 The Biden family was PAID OFF, pure and simple! The fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. Sleepy Joe said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company, and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter.....
\f1 \

\f0 I would LOVE running against 1% Joe Biden - I just don\'92t think it\'92s going to happen. Sleepy Joe won\'92t get to the starting gate, ; based on all of the money he ; his family probably \'93extorted,\'94 Joe should hang it up. I wouldn\'92t want him dealing with China ; UNPROFESSIONAL!
\f1 \

\f0 As President I have an obligation to end CORRUPTION, even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries. It is done all the time. This has NOTHING to do with politics or a political campaign against the Bidens. This does have to do with their corruption!
\f1 \

\f0 You cannot judge my Stock Market performance since the Inauguration, which was very good, but only from the day after the big Election Win, which was spectacular due to the euphoria of getting Obama/Biden OUT, ; getting Trump/Pence IN. Went up BIG between Nov. 9 and Inauguration!
\f1 \

\f0 The Fake News Media wants to stay as far away as possible from the Ukraine and China deals made by the Bidens. A Corrupt Media is so bad for our Country! In actuality, the Media may be even more Corrupt than the Bidens, which is hard to do!
\f1 \

\f0 Very simple! I was looking for Corruption and also why Germany, France and others in the European Union don\'92t do more for Ukraine. Why is it always the USA that does so much and puts up so much money for Ukraine and other countries? By the way, the Bidens were corrupt!
\f1 \

\f0 The President of Ukraine said that he was NOT pressured by me to do anything wrong. Can\'92t have better testimony than that! As V.P., Biden had his son, on the other hand, take out millions of dollars by strong arming the Ukrainian President. Also looted millions from China. Bad!
\f1 \

\f0 You will see it was a very friendly and totally appropriate call. No pressure and, unlike Joe Biden and his son, NO quid pro quo! This is nothing more than a continuation of the Greatest and most Destructive Witch Hunt of all time!
\f1 \

\f0 Breaking News: The Ukrainian Government just said they weren\'92t pressured at all during the \'93nice\'94 call. Sleepy Joe Biden, on the other hand, forced a tough prosecutor out from investigating his son\'92s company by threat of not giving big dollars to Ukraine. That\'92s the real story!
\f1 \

\f0 \'93They\'92re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.\'94 @PeterScheeizer The problem is, \'93Trump\'94 did nothing wrong!
\f1 \

\f0 Now that the Democrats and the Fake News Media have gone \'93bust\'94 on every other of their Witch Hunt schemes, they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others, call it the Ukraine Witch Hunt, while at the same time trying to protect Sleepy Joe Biden. Will fail again!
\f1 \

\f0 Fake News putting a story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation I had with the new President of the Ukraine. Nothing was said that was in any way wrong, but Biden\'92s demand, on the other hand, was a complete and total disaster. The Fake News knows this but doesn\'92t want to report!
\f1 \

\f0 Biden doesn\'92t have a clue! I will solve the China problem.\'a0
\f1 \

\f0 Joe Biden just said, \'93We believe in facts, not truth.\'94 Does anybody really believe he is mentally fit to be president? We are \'93playing\'94 in a very big and complicated world. Joe doesn\'92t have a clue!
\f1 \

\f0 Watching Sleepy Joe Biden making a speech. Sooo Boring! The LameStream Media will die in the ratings and clicks with this guy. It will be over for them, not to mention the fact that our Country will do poorly with him. It will be one big crash, but at least China will be happy!
\f1 \

\f0 Sleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately, has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyone\'92s taxes if he becomes president. Ridiculously, all Democrats want to substantially raise taxes!
\f1 \

\f0 Joe Biden is a reclamation project. Some things are just not salvageable. China and other countries that ripped us off for years are begging for him. He deserted our military, our law enforcement and our healthcare. Added more debt than all other Presidents combined. Won\'92t win!
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Biden would be China\'92s Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with America\'92s manufacturers ; workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!\'94 @IngrahamAngle\'a0 So true!
\f1 \

\f0 Plagiarism charge against Sleepy Joe Biden on his ridiculous Climate Change Plan is a big problem, but the Corrupt Media will save him. His other problem is that he is drawing flies, not people, to his Rallies. Nobody is showing up, I mean nobody. You can\'92t win without people!
\f1 \

\f0 Super Predator was the term associated with the 1994 Crime Bill that Sleepy Joe Biden was so heavily involved in passing. That was a dark period in American History, but has Sleepy Joe apologized? No!
\f1 \

\f0 Looks like Bernie Sanders is history. Sleepy Joe Biden is pulling ahead and think about it, I\'92m only here because of Sleepy Joe and the man who took him off the 1% trash heap, President O! China wants Sleepy Joe BADLY!
\f1 \

\f0 China is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden, or any of the others, gets elected in 2020. They LOVE ripping off America!
\f1 \

\f0 Sleepy Joe Biden is having his first rally in the Great State of Pennsylvania. He obviously doesn\'92t know that Pennsylvania is having one of the best economic years in its history, with lowest unemployment EVER, a now thriving Steel Industry (that was dead) ; great future!........
\f1 \

\f0 The Media (Fake News) is pushing Sleepy Joe hard. Funny, I\'92m only here because of Biden ; Obama. They didn\'92t do the job and now you have Trump, who is getting it done - big time!
\f1 \

\f0 Things dont look so good for the more traditional, but not very bright, Sleepy Joe Biden. Here we go again Bernie, but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed!
\f1 \

\f0 I believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs. Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country (and MANY other great things)! I look forward to facing whoever it may be. May God Rest Their Soul!
\f1 \

\f0 Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it, another low I.Q. individual!
\f1 \

\f0 Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn\'92t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don\'92t threaten people Joe!
\f1 \

\f0 Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}